hey how's it gone
Dave 2d here and in front of me is a
very small computer case it's one of the
smallest cases you can get out there
that can hold a full-size graphics card
and if you'll notice in the front of it
it's got supreme on it's a supreme
themed computer case now if you don't
know what supreme is there a New York
based skate brand they have this iconic
look to their stuff with this white font
against a bright red background and
their stuff can be crazy expensive I
customized this case to match their
branding but to understand where this
thing came from and why it's exists I
have to go into story time but let's
start with the very beginning this is a
case that is called the ghost s1 it's
made by a company called Loki and
they're Swedish company and now they hit
me up a couple months ago on ok we have
this really small case you like small
cases you want to check it out and I was
like yeah send it over when it's ready
and the thing is I receive a lot of
cases small ITX cases the majority of
them just aren't impressive to me
they're kind of like rehashes of one
another but this one is really cool and
I actually think it's one of the best no
I'm just gonna say it's my favorite ITX
case that I've ever used so this is why
not only is this in a small case it's a
modular case so the base like this
little small box here can hold an ITEX
on the board and SFX power supply and a
full sized GPU but the case also has
these modular pieces available that they
call top hats and these basically allow
you to extend the height of the case
vertically so by itself
I'm just running mine without a top hat
it'll hold everything that you need for
just like basic air cooling but if you
want to have bigger fans or if you want
to do something a little more advanced
like water cooling or if your system
requires water cooling they have
different sized top hats available and
because these components are modular you
can run these top hats on the bottom or
underneath if you want to put your water
cooling or your fans on the bottom of
the case now for me personally I like to
keep my builds as small as possible so
I'm running this without any top hats
and I'm getting temperatures that are
actually very similar to my old case the
end case m1 so all the component that
were inside here it's running an 8 core
Rison 7 600 watt power supply GTX 1080
32 gigs of ram and an nvme and
everything was just straight-up
transplanted into this
case now this thing is running a knock
to a cooler at the L 965 and that can
comfortably handle stock speeds I just
tend not to overclock my smaller bills
but the crazy thing is that even with
this smaller case I'm getting the same
temperatures as the N case m1 which is
like 40 or 50 percent bigger than this
case so the airflow on this thing is
obviously very good but it's not just
that they've whole case design the way
they give you cut out so you can run
your cables and stuff it's just a really
well-designed case now another thing I
really liked about this thing is how
easy it was to build into it so the top
lid pops off it's magnetically attached
and the side panels pop off really
easily it's surprisingly easy to build
into this case despite it being so small
just because of how well the whole thing
has been designed now the last thing I
love about the same is the build quality
so small ITF cases like those boutique
ITX cases they tend to be expensive and
they tend to be really well built that's
just the nature of the whole like
boutique ITX case but the ghost s1 has
noticeably thicker panels than the N
case m1 and the end case m1 was already
a really well-built case is actually one
of my favorite cases before this one
came out but this one is just that much
better now as for the reason why it's
red and how this came to be so this is
the story I built into this case and
have really liked it like I liked it so
much that I was thinking I should use
this case as my main rig so I thought
hey why don't I make a custom Dave 2d
case and I was just gonna paint it blue
and I had these decals ready to put them
up front but I go to Home Depot and you
wouldn't believe it they had every
single color possible in the spray paint
section except for the one color that is
most similar to my logo color which is
like they call it seaside I think so I
called up other Home Depot's and no one
seemed to have the color in stock which
is super annoying but then I thought
what can I do with this array of colors
to choose from and I just went with the
red because it's something that doesn't
go on my channel but I thought I would
make something that just was a little
bit different and then the idea pops
into my head why don't I just make a
supreme themed computer because I don't
think it's been done before I don't
think someone's built a supreme computer
like at least not a little tiny one like
this so I kind of thought it through and
just went with it so this is what we
have a supreme themed computer now this
case is I really like it this is not an
endorsement pay me to say this this is
literally my favorite ideas case that
I've built in I think for a lot of
people that enjoy ITX cases they're
gonna like the
now there's a couple things that need to
be tweaked still like this is a
Kickstarter project that is fully funded
at this point I think today is when the
Kickstarter ended so it's unfortunate
that I'm telling you guys about this
thing after the Kickstarter is over but
you can still purchase this thing
through regular retail channels I'll put
all the links for that stuff below but
the one thing that I would say is really
interesting is that during the
Kickstarter process they had a bunch of
prototypes that they sent out to people
and I found that the few things that I
had issues with like the power supply
that I used didn't fit exactly into the
framing is off by 0.5 millimeters or so
so I email them and they're like hey we
ready to know about this issue we're
gonna fix it in the retail version so
they have this list of tweaks and
adjustments that they want to do to the
retail version that my pre-production
and your new example didn't have but
even in this kind of early form I really
enjoyed this case little details like
the pull tab on the top panel give it a
more premium feel and even the light up
front is really subtle and elegant it's
not like this obnoxiously bright RGB LED
or sound like that it's just a really
elegant case I think a lot of people
like it now obviously this isn't for
everyone it's an expensive case and then
this thing goes for like 250 u.s. but if
you're in the market for a nice looking
case this thing looks good now I have
this thing actually set up at my office
I have it set up with a wireless
keyboard and a wireless mouse and
everyone knows this mouse it's the MX
master 2s but this keyboard is a new
pickup it's made by a company called
Revo or Dremel and actually got it as a
Christmas gift and it looks awesome it's
like a wireless or wired keyboard
whatever you want and it's got RGB
backlighting chemical keys 60 bucks
can't go wrong with that okay that
basically wraps it up I'll put all the
information for the keyboard the mouse
and obviously all the stuff that's in
here down below hope you guys enjoyed
this video thumbs you liked it subs we
loved it
see you guys next time